It's really a doctor, Senior Song Prophet
I am friends with the senior doctor
So I called him to treat Mr. Bai's illness
Shh everyone keep quiet
Don't disturb the senior doctor
You don't want such an excellent person
You want a piece of trash?
I don't know about you.
Night supper if I were you
I have no face to be around school for a long time
This is the 18-needle rejuvenation of the senior medical saint
Grandpa Bai is definitely saved now
Ah, thank you Luo Zhiyi
Dad?
Are you all right?
Great, great.
Thank you doctor
This one.
Quickly introduce the senior doctor to us
Yes yes yes dad
Thanks to the town committee for inviting the senior doctor
Please accept it.
Senior Doctor
Let me introduce you
This is Xiaoyong
Who are you?
We don't seem to know each other.